Mr. Zhu, why are you here?
Someone is making trouble here
I'm going to kick him out
Ouch, you are blind.
Mr. Lin, I'm sorry.
The people under my command are not sensible
Offended you
Mr. Chu, why are you hitting me?
This kid offended the Yanzhou school captain Zhou Gongzi
I really have to take it out for him
Yanzhou school captain
Lieutenant, he's a fart
Mr. Lin is from the Heaven Dou Legion
Mr. Lin is a distinguished guest of the Heaven Dou Army
Heaven Dou Legion
How could this ruin be related to the Heaven Dou Legion?
It's also impossible
Mr. Li, please forgive me
roll
Go away
As for you two
Please come back too
President Chu, since you mentioned the Heaven Dou Legion
Then I'll tell you the truth
Three days later
The person who promoted me on Tiandou Skylark
Just an adult
I advise you not to meddle in your own business
Otherwise, don't blame me for breaking my mouth in front of you adults
Let him fire you
Then I'll wait.
Shoot them back immediately
up is
Okay, you boy, just chuckle
Wait until the Heaven Dou Skylark opens
That adult will be my backer
I hope when you face him
Can still be as tough as today let's go
I rely on this wimp
What kind of shit luck did he get?
Even the president of the Chamber of Commerce wanted to protect him
In my opinion, he was taken care of by President Chu
So you dare to be unscrupulous in front of me
But Zhou Gongzi doesn't have to worry
After he gets tired of being played with
It's still messy
wandering the streets
He really is a coward
After I get on that uncle
Let's settle the score with this pair of dog men and women
adult
Why don't you let them know your true identity?
To uproot the umbrella company behind it
You can't scare the snake
Zhou Heng is just a small character
After the Heaven Dou Skylark opens
I will take it